README.md, before:

# Barebones WP template
Very very light with NOTHING in it. Just your HTML, CSS, and JS files.

## Add all the files into your Wordpress template folder
Go to your theme directory in your installed Wordpress, e.g. wp/wp-content/themes

## WP Template Hierarchy
Everything goes to index.php in the end. Learn about WP template file naming
[https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/basics/template-hierarchy/](https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/basics/template-hierarchy/)
[https://developer.wordpress.org/files/2014/10/wp-hierarchy.png](https://developer.wordpress.org/files/2014/10/wp-hierarchy.png)

### Important files to add:
* category.php - Listing all the posts in one category.
* single.php - A single page that shows a single post.
* page.php - A template for the "pages" in wordpress.

## WP_Query
[https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Query](https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Query)
A must read if you're building a template from scratch! (at least read the standard loop & multiple loops)
You learn how to query WP posts and list them manually the way you want it.

Commit message:

fix template name with readme

README.md, after:

# Barebones WP template
Very very light with NOTHING in it. Just your HTML, CSS, and JS files.

## Add all the files into your Wordpress template folder
Go to your theme directory in your installed Wordpress.
e.g.
1. go to wp/wp-content/themes
2. create a new folder "my_awesome_theme"
3. copy all the files to that folder
4. login to your wp admin panel, go to themes
5. select the template name that is set in index.php
6. start building your page

## WP Template Hierarchy
Everything goes to index.php in the end. Learn about WP template file naming
[https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/basics/template-hierarchy/](https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/basics/template-hierarchy/)
[https://developer.wordpress.org/files/2014/10/wp-hierarchy.png](https://developer.wordpress.org/files/2014/10/wp-hierarchy.png)

### Important files to add:
* category.php - Listing all the posts in one category.
* single.php - A single page that shows a single post.
* page.php - A template for the "pages" in wordpress.

## WP_Query
[https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Query](https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Query)
A must read if you're building a template from scratch! (at least read the standard loop & multiple loops)
You learn how to query WP posts and list them manually the way you want it.
